Johanna Yves Rio and I'm a contemporary
world teacher at st. Thomas high school
I'm playing Claire go back
my favorite food sushi oh do you know
Coco embassy her I would have to say
probably Caravaggio Oh
martini always shaken not stirred I
can't think of anything off the top of
my head like that no oh I know there was
a little boy in California when I caught
his parents had just divorced he came
into class he was very upset and he's
about seven eight years old I had to
explain to him that it would be okay
that his dad had just left and I
realized at that moment that some
children's lives are more difficult and
they bear more weight on their shoulders
than I probably ever will even though I
was already an adult and it was very
humbling I came to appreciate that many
of the kids that I see come in with
heavy hearts and it's not always the
content that I teach but the humanity
that you bring to teaching that you know
that they need I would like to add in
the summer time I'd like to add an
air-conditioner and in the wintertime
maybe a carpet nice furry fluffy carpet
I don't remember I don't cry I'm not a
crier movies since I've had kids any
movie where a child is hurt or killed or
in any way abused really really bothers
me so I would say a movie like that but
I don't remember the title of it well
probably walking across a train bridge
that was over a gorge dude I'm talking
about where it's almost metal yeah one
of those because if I had fallen I would
have died I thought it was really cool
at the time I'm from Poland
I'm from Warsaw I was born in 1975 in
communist Poland I moved to Africa and I
lived in Algeria for five years and then
I moved to Canada being carefree playing
from like from morning until the Sun
Goes Down when your mom calls you and
for bet you know yeah
biggest lie I can't tell you about how
can I talk I have told many lies and I'm
a very good liar
like right now I'm really enjoying this
interview that I really really enjoy
eating cow tongue and monkey brains
excellent
dip a little bread in that I mentioned
Poland Algeria Morocco Egypt France
Italy Spain Portugal all over Canada
I've been from the from BC all the way
to 2 P I in the States all over the
States
I've never been to South America and
I've never been to Asia but everything
else is pretty much covered I love it I
find it invigorating I find it really
energizing and I cannot sit this is
actually very uncomfortable for me right
now I don't like sitting so very
seriously I had to find a job that would
allow me to walk around during the day
and you'd be surprised how few jobs
there are where you can actually come
out of your desk
my children are six and seven they're
very very very active they take me out
completely
they are very smart and they are very
cute they're very agile they're in
sports they're complicated creatures
sometimes I have no idea what's going on
with them and they're just they're just
lovely wonderful you know surprisingly I
think would be a very peaceful
egalitarian society I think you would
probably isolate the extremes I found
you guys very on on home as a group not
as individuals because there's
definitely a few crazies in there that
you're a you're a really lovely bunch
this year respectful thoughtful but at
the same time you definitely don't abide
by stupid rules or extraneous rules be
lovely nezam I'm Sharon Australia Museum
in Pomona barcia vf+ stations you can
see the magician temporary aunty Morocco
mesh control burger Eve canal
GJ plots we have SH color correction as
the best st. Thomas high school II yes
somebody Sheba Cinque and then I said
gen queer because Borat says it did you
ever noticed that like he says Jim quia
Jane queer just means thank you but it's
in Polish so why a Kazakhstan II played
by a Jew would say Jane queer I don't
know oh definitely for the Renaissance
early Italy south near Machiavelli and
the Medici Florence hang out with them
obviously and find out what the hell was
going on back then very interesting time
in history a lot of secrets and a lot of
political you know strategizing pair
interesting times
you